.TH ancientpkg-dig 1 "The universal package digging system" "February 17, 2022" Ancientpkg

.SH DESCRIPTION
The 
.B dig
subcommand of Ancientpkg initializes a digging job at any digsite on Earth,
and assigns archaeologists to retrieve ancient Debian packages for
installation on modern-day systems. Examples of ancient packages retrieved
by Ancientpkg dig jobs include libhomosapiens (200,000 years old), libbacteria
(approx. 3.0-4.3 billion years old), libuniverse (13 billion years old), and
libchurch (approx. 2,000 years old).

Overwhelmingly, packages excavated by Ancientpkg are those meant for the
GNU/Linux distribution Debian, alongside other distributions which are
based on Debian. The discovery of an RPM or AUR package is rare, and in the
rare cases it does happen, constitute undefined behavior.


.SH FLAGS
.SS -h, --help 
Shows a help message.

.SS -a, --archaeologists=<int> 
This flag specifies how many archaeologists should be sent to a particular
dig site. Ancientpkg automatically manages labor and food costs. Sending more
archaeologists than the entire population of the world may result in undefined
behavior in approximately 0.000000049345 of dig jobs ran.

.SS -p, --expected-pkgs=<int> 
How many packages are expected to be retrieved from the dig site. The total
package yield will always exceed any value passed via this flag, since the
standards set by Ancientpkg for archaeologists are high.


.SS -P, --passes=<int> 
How many passes over the dig site are expected to be made. This often helps
increase package output.

.SS -l, --location=<str> 
Location of package dig job. Location should be on Earth for best results. No
undefined behavior is caused by misuse of this flag. Locations in warzones,
disputed territories, warzones, or highly dangerous homes are strongly not
recommended.

.SS -v, --verbose 
This option is deprecated. Before it was deprecated, this option would enable
more verbose output.

.SS --dry-run 
Don't wait at all, just pretend the packages are there, lying out in the open,
pre-excavated by Ancientpkg.

.SS --from-json=<str> 
Read the specifics of a package excavation job from a JSON file.

.SS --virus-check 
Scan packages for several types of malware.

.SS --curse-check 
Scan packages for ancient curses.

.SS --aggressive-diggers 
Dig very aggressively.

.SS --better-pickaxes 
Provide diggers with better pickaxes.

.SS --ignore-missing-shards 
Ignore missing package shards

.SS --ignore-broken-shards 
Ignore physically broken package shards

.SS --dust-carefully 
Dust for packages more carefully.

.SS --source-packages 
Include source packages.
q

.SH DISCLAIMER
Ancientpkg virus removal messages do not actually remove or install
viruses on your system. This program pokes fun at the age of Debian
packages (all of them date back to the Stone Age anyway).
